Well, in fact, already after the 15th of 16 beeps
sound stas appointed become much
quieter
swept as there were 25 beeps well in
basically ok for one go
atone is a hundred percent all we are now
take our piece
just start again
mode
we have prevented
all now let me eat
as it will be heard at a distance
the thing is very loud and very audible can
very good if you try pruning
this car that doesn't see you either
from pedestrian in which my rule
paths or just goes on the road and
don't look and then not all you well that's all
here is a very cool link to buy where
bought by posting will post it under the video if
please someone please
order is really a very good thing
I liked everything to everyone bye
subscribe to my channel put
huskies